5.0.0
=====

Breaking
--------

* Remove support for TYPO3 v12.

Features
--------

* Add support for TYPO3 v14.
* Handle images and other files properly via FAL upon import. Target file directory is now part of the import configuration.
* Import opening hours as inline database records (:sql:`tx_thuecat_opening_hours`) and expose a display-ready,
  computed shape via :php:`Domain\Model\Frontend\Place::getComputedOpeningHours()` and
  :php:`getComputedSpecialOpeningHours()`. The shape groups records into validity periods, lists every weekday
  Monday-first, keeps all time spans of a day and
  marks days without hours as closed. A ``OpeningHours/PerDayTable`` partial renders it. The current open/closed
  status is intentionally left to client-side logic.

Fixes
-----

Nothing

Tasks
-----

Nothing

Deprecation
-----------

* The json-based media storage has been superseeded by proper FAL handling. The json-based output logic is still in
place. The next import will copy and relate the files as needed. With the next fitting version, the json-based fields
will be removed.

  Deprecated, triggering ``E_USER_DEPRECATED`` on use:

  - :php:`Domain\Model\Frontend\Media::getMainImage()`, :php:`getImages()`, :php:`getExtraImages()`,
    :php:`getEditorialImages()` and :php:`getAllImages()` (the json-blob read accessors).
  - :php:`Domain\Model\Frontend\Base::getMedia()` (hands out the json-blob carrier).

  Use the FAL fields instead, available as native Extbase properties on ``Base``:
  :php:`getMainImage()` (:sql:`main_image`), :php:`getMediaFiles()` (:sql:`media_files`) and
  :php:`getEditorialImages()` (:sql:`editorial_images`). Re-run the import to populate :sql:`main_image` and
  :sql:`media_files`; :sql:`editorial_images` is maintained in the backend. Templates should switch from
  :html:`{record.media.*}` to these properties.

* The editorial_images field is now handled as the FAL field it always has been. Replace template output from
  :html:`{entity.media.editorialImages}` to :html:`{entity.editorialImages}` to make use of the full FAL provided
  functionality.

* The json-based opening hours storage has been superseeded by inline database records. The json-based output logic
  is still in place. The next import will create the inline records as needed. With the next fitting version, the
  json-based fields will be removed.

  Deprecated, triggering ``E_USER_DEPRECATED`` on use:

  - :php:`Domain\Model\Frontend\Place::getOpeningHours()`, :php:`getMergedOpeningHours()`,
    :php:`getSpecialOpeningHours()` and :php:`getMergedSpecialOpeningHours()` (the json-blob read accessors).

  The legacy :php:`Domain\Model\Frontend\OpeningHours`, :php:`MergedOpeningHours` and
  :php:`MergedOpeningHourWeekDay` models are deprecated alongside them.

  Use :php:`getComputedOpeningHours()` / :php:`getComputedSpecialOpeningHours()` instead. Re-run the import to
  populate the inline records. Templates should switch from :html:`{record.openingHours}` /
  :html:`{record.mergedOpeningHours}` to the ``OpeningHours/PerDayTable`` partial.